Mmm,
strawberry.
OK, one strawberry.
No, maybe..., yes, vanilla.
Right, vanilla it is.
Ooh, French vanilla! That’s so good.
But chocolate's good, too.
Oh, lemon ice. That’s really good!
Ellie, please.
OK, OK. Uh, strawberry.
Yes, strawberry ice cream for me,
please.
OK, one strawberry ice cream.
Oh, Ruby, look! Coconut!
Strawberry. Just strawberry.
And chocolate for me, please.
Yes, you can have
some of my chocolate.
No.
Strawberry!
OK, that's one strawberry ice cream
for you,
and one chocolate ice cream for you.
That’s four dollars, please.
Here you are. Four dollars.
Thank you!
Enjoy your ice cream.
Thank you.
There’s a table over there
by the window.
Cool.
Mmm, strawberry.
- This is nice.
- Yes, nice. Really nice.
- Hello!
-Comment ça va?
Excuse me?
N’es-tu pas français?
Wait, what?
Aren’t you French?
Me? French? No.
Isn’t your name Thomas?
Well, it’s Thomas, but yeah.
And Tom is OK.
Tom? But...
where are you from?
Paris, ... Texas. I’m American.
Paris, Texas?!
There’s a Paris in Texas?
Yeah, there is.
Hey, guys.
How’s it going?
What?
Thomas.
What about him?
His name is Tom.
And he isn’t from Paris...
No, not from Paris, France.
He’s from Paris, Texas.
I know. It's just a little joke.
Oh, Dan, you and your jokes!
This is good ice cream.
Great ice cream! Coconut.
Chocolate. So good.
This is strawberry. What’s that?
Well, French vanilla!